Revise TD doc URL (#278)
treasure-data/treasure-boxes: machine-learning-box/recommendation/README.md

$ td wf start recommendation recommend --session now
```

* [recommend.dig](recommend.dig) - TD workflow script for top-k item recommendation using [Matrix Factorization](https://tddocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/1081696/MovieLens+20M+Rating+Prediction+by+Matrix+Factorization)
* [config/params.yml](config/params.yml) - defines configurable parameters for the recommendation workflow such as `k` of top-k. By the default, the workflow recommends top-10 items for each user.

[<img src="docs/img/capture.png" alt="capture" max_height=300 />](http://showterm.io/31b8df49efcfbc2bfc5ef#fast)

### Workflow with PySpark

> You also can try [Spark.ml collaborative filtering](https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.4.0/ml-collaborative-filtering.html) recommendation for top-k item recommendation. Ensure both [Python Custom Scripting](https://tddocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/1084269/Custom%2BScripts) and [td-spark](https://tddocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/1082542/Using+Apache+Spark+Driver+TD-Spark+in+your+Spark+Environment) enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also can try [Spark.ml collaborative filtering](https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.4.0/ml-collaborative-filtering.html) recommendation for top-k item recommendation. Ensure both [Python Custom Scripting](https://tddocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/1084247/Introduction+to+Custom+Scripts) and [td-spark](https://tddocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/1082542/Using+Apache+Spark+Driver+TD-Spark+in+your+Spark+Environment) enabled.
```
